three game sunday NFL action the Miami
Dolphins go to the san diego chargers
i'm here with stephen over i'm marco
D'Angelo Steven this is your video best
bed of the week congrats last week you
nailed your best bet that was an easy
one last we get Cincinnati and San
Francisco under never in doubt you've
got another total force this week yeah
I'm kind of I won that one but I'm kind
of walking on eggshells because i have
another under and in today's NFL this
year you know he's unders over is
usually the way to go but I like Miami
San Diego under the total in this one
Miami who is Miami we saw a week one it
was a shootout with Chad Henne actually
playing pretty well going against Tom
Brady and as we know now on the New
England and they got no defense no
defense but a great offense and they're
going to put up points on anybody and
their defense is going to give up points
to everybody so Miami's defense is not
as bad as being perceived people are
still remembering that oddsmakers two
and they have in my opinion Miami pegged
as more as an improved throwing
offensive team and down defensively
Miami is the same as Miami before under
Tony Soprano they they are a run team
they realize now what New Orleans
realized Reggie Bush uh-uh he's not very
good so they have now gone to the rookie
Daniel Thomas who's Anna pounded between
the tackles inside runner henny is not
gonna they're not opening the offense
for handy here on the road especially
aside from Brandon Marshall he has
nondescript widest wide receiver so
they're an under team miami there a
running team they're not as bad
defensively as perceived i hope they get
vontae davis back he's a pretty good
cornerback although he hasn't played as
well as he's capable and I think Miami's
defense is better than its showed they
got a bad rap against new england which
can just murder any defense and so
that's on the miami side now and the san
diego side explosive offense yes if
antonino gates is in the
offense he's not his foot injury has
flared up it was very serious he's not
expected to play who replaces Antonio
Gates Randy McMichael well this isn't 10
years ago Randy McMichael cannot run
anymore he they can't even use him that
takes out the tight end as an equation
yes they still have Vincent Jackson but
that's about it Ryan Mathews is going to
be more of an integral part of the
offense this year get more carries he's
not going to be breaking off any 80
yards run so I see San Diego as being
less explosive defensively there they're
strong there are number one in total
defense last year they've improved in
special teams when they're not going to
give up the number of returns they gave
up last year so I put it all together
Mars my thinking under do you see them
really approved on the defensive special
teams do you think the kickoff change
ruling that has helped them somewhat
well it's definitely helped them as it's
helped everybody it helps them more
because they're weaker in coverage than
other teams and plus when you think of
San Diego under they had a pretty good
kicker Nate Kaeding he's out for the
year now I believe Nick Novak's their
kicker a journeyman type you know then
he you know got it from the junk pile
heap so you know he's not some automatic
guy you know you taught the NFL total
nowadays you miss a field goal you know
it hurts well I looked at this game I
don't have a strong opinion on this game
I can argue with you one way or the
other on the total looking at it from
the side aspect if Miami would have one
win and I know it's gonna sound weird to
you but I'm going to talk you know
conceptual handicapping I would have a
big play on San Diego and the reason
being is because San Diego had what i
call a buffer game last week they
returned home off of that game against
New England which you know a lot of hype
you know Glen try to knock off the the
top dogs let's face it i mean they might
not be the best team in the football
right now but heading into that week
there most be there believe a Super Bowl
favor so you gotta there the top dog
they went into new england played new
england like they always do you know you
look at the stats you think they might
you know that they could have won the
game but somehow new england beats them
in
covers they come home I thought they
were in a flat spot last week playing a
team that just absolutely got the doors
blown off the week before how do you get
up for you know Kansas City when they
lost 48 to 72 Detroit I thought they
would have a better effort this week off
of that scare I mean they almost lost
lastly you know that's a wake-up call
normally to you know two teams but I
hate going against winless teams because
you know they're always I want to get
that monkey off their back you know and
it's still early enough in the season
it's not you know tossing the tile type
thing although you know Miami's not
going to make any run into playoffs
that's for sure that's where my thing is
talking from it from a standpoint of the
line the lines at seven this actually
opened hi yeah in was bed immediately to
the dog yeah so if you're if the wise
guys that bet and we always talk
especially when it's on a dog if money
comes in early majority of the time you
can rest assured that's wise guy money
not the general public because the
general public is not going to tie their
money up on Tuesday and for a Sunday
game and if the wise guys like Miami you
got to figure them that that favors
you're under because no just if you're
doing a correlated type parlay Miami's
not the team you won in a shootout if it
becomes a shootout the advantage goes to
sand yet which miami nose right yeah in
my discussions with wise guys there on
Miami you know they like Miami here they
know Miami at 0 and 3 they're desperate
they're going to give an effort they
usually do the day you talk about a home
road economy Miami's the poster child
the opposite way never went at home
loose straight up at home cover on the
road they are 12 and 3 against the
spread on the road their last 15 road
games Miami you figure they're going to
give an effort they're going to keep it
you know close and keep it in check and
not go crazy and they'll probably lose
at the end but though he'll keep close
they'll keep it under well there you go
you want to give us a projected score um
call it San Diego 23 to 17 all right
there you go Steven overs official
video best bet is the san diego miami
game under the total he's going for two
in a row on his best bets we'll see if
he gets it if you're looking for my best
bet it was in a college game you can
check that out at pregame TV we're going
to come right back with our popular
segment rants of the week we're stephen
has a rant and I've got a rant and we'll
be back to talk about that next